After some searching and discussion, we want to set up a Nextcloud server on ouw instances.

Because we are both learning how to do this thing, the method and implementation for this project may change a little bit 

Concrete goals:
	We will set up a Nextcloud server, as a basic cloud server, which users can upload there file to this server and downlaod
it back to their PC. After some searching, it's a self-hosting cloud server, so it also can shard a file with others.

Methods of testing:
	Simply make a user account for testing if we can upload and download from the server, if it's available for one user, then 
share with others

Verification:
	If all uploads, downloads and sharing are successful, then it's done. 

Effect on its user population:
	Because it's a self host server and for oneself, so only thing we need to care may be the pressure when a lot users download your file,
we will check the CPU of the instance when one user download it. If the usage of CPU is too high for only one or two users, we may limit the 
download to only one or two at the same time.

User support issues:
	For this one, I think there may be some problem raised when we test it, but right now I have no idea what and how they will be.

Security issues:
	Maybe some users may upload some unsafe files or application to the server, so we need some backup method for this problem.

For complete the project:
	Installing the dependencies, create the database, configure apache
	Same as the concrete goals, if we have more time, we may think about adding some function or extensions to convince the users.

For maintaining:
	Basicly keep update the package we used for this project, and fix or find method to avoid the bugs with the updates, we may need
to not keep updating to skip some version with too many bugs, and only update to the solid ones. Because of this, we can just simply check
if there is a new update, but I don't think it's the best way.

Documentation for administrator and users:
	This part will be filled up when we almost finish the project.
	We will contain some information of the description of the project,
	how to install or set the server, and some simple tutorial and function of this project

	And then provide a place for issue reports from others, and some security notification
	and license.

Here is what I could think of this project right now, and I will fill up more details for this during the process we work on the project.